README.md, before:

# NodeJS Express MongoDB & More Bootcamp

## Course Link

- https://www.udemy.com/course/nodejs-express-mongodb-bootcamp/

## Node Documentation

The node documentation can be found at this link:

1. https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v12.x/docs/api/

## NPM Documentation

NPM is the package manager for managing open source modules.

1. https://www.npmjs.com/

## NPM packages

Packages come in version that look like "1.5.31".

1. 1 is the <b>major</b> version
2. 5 is the <b>minor</b> versions
3. 31 is the <b>patch</b> version

- The ^ symbol before the version means it will check for all the minor versions when comparing to see if it is outdated.
- The ~ symbol can be used to check for only newer patch versions.

## NPM commands

Install module dependency

```
npm install <packageName>
or
npm i <packageName>
```

Install dev-dependency

```
npm install <packageName> --save-dev
```

Install global dependency

```
npm i <packageName> --global
```

Check for all outdated packages

```
npm outdated
```

Update Package

```
npm update <packageName>
```

Choose Version to install

```
npm install <packageName>@<versionNumber>
```

## About

This bootcamp is to help build up knowledge and skills within the following areas: NodeJS, MongoDB and Express.

## Useful Links

1. https://github.com/jonasschmedtmann/complete-node-bootcamp
2. http://codingheroes.io/resources/

Commit message:

updated the readme to include the uninstall command

README.md, after:

# NodeJS Express MongoDB & More Bootcamp

## Course Link

- https://www.udemy.com/course/nodejs-express-mongodb-bootcamp/

## Node Documentation

The node documentation can be found at this link:

1. https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v12.x/docs/api/

## NPM Documentation

NPM is the package manager for managing open source modules.

1. https://www.npmjs.com/

## NPM packages

Packages come in version that look like "1.5.31".

1. 1 is the <b>major</b> version
2. 5 is the <b>minor</b> versions
3. 31 is the <b>patch</b> version

- The ^ symbol before the version means it will check for all the minor versions when comparing to see if it is outdated.
- The ~ symbol can be used to check for only newer patch versions.
- The \* will check for all newer versions - however this could break your code due to new versions.

## NPM commands

Install module dependency

```
npm install <packageName>
or
npm i <packageName>
```

Install dev-dependency

```
npm install <packageName> --save-dev
```

Install global dependency

```
npm i <packageName> --global
```

Check for all outdated packages

```
npm outdated
```

Update Package

```
npm update <packageName>
```

Choose Version to install

```
npm install <packageName>@<versionNumber>
```

Uninstall package

```
npm uninstall <packageName>
```

## About

This bootcamp is to help build up knowledge and skills within the following areas: NodeJS, MongoDB and Express.

## Useful Links

1. https://github.com/jonasschmedtmann/complete-node-bootcamp
2. http://codingheroes.io/resources/
